Fix: broken links in 3.8 (#7904)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/ai-semantic-cache/overview/_index.md

## Get started with the AI Semantic Caching plugin

* [Configuration reference](/hub/kong-inc/ai-semantic-cache/configuration/)
* [Basic configuration example](/hub/kong-inc/ai-semantic-cache/how-to/basic-example/)

> * [Learn how to use the plugin](/hub/kong-inc/ai-semantic-cache/how-to/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Learn how to use the plugin](/hub/kong-inc/ai-semantic-cache/how-to/basic-example/)
```
I think that's the right link, the other gave me a 404 still

Author: Hmm. This is just a page that doesn't exist at all.

> * [Learn how to use the plugin](/hub/kong-inc/ai-semantic-cache/how-to/)

Author: ```suggestion
* [Set up AI Semantic Cache with Mistral]/hub/kong-inc/ai-semantic-cache/how-to/llm-provider-integration-guides/mistral/)
* [Set up AI Semantic Cache with OpenAI]/hub/kong-inc/ai-semantic-cache/how-to/llm-provider-integration-guides/openai/)
```
